[SYCL][Graph] Add support for enabling Command-Buffer profiling (#11324)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/design/CommandGraph.md

There is also a *WaitEvent* used by the `ur_exp_command_buffer_handle_t` class
in the prefix to wait on any dependencies passed in the enqueue wait-list.
This WaitEvent is reset in the suffix.

A command-buffer is expected to be submitted multiple times. Consequently,
we need to ensure that L0 events associated with graph commands have not

> been signalled by a previous execution. These events are therefore reset to the
> unsignalled state before running the actual graph associated commands. Note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
been signaled by a previous execution. These events are therefore reset to the
unsignaled state before running the actual graph associated commands. Note
```

Reviewer: Nit: BrE vs AmE. Can you also update the text in the following image please.
